[KV] Wrangler-KV Command Update (#16400)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/workers/wrangler-commands/kv.mdx

---
{}

---

## `kv namespace`

Manage Workers KV namespaces.

> :::note

Reviewer: Nit: Ideally we'd avoid having two asides in a row.

The `kv ...` commands allow you to manage your Workers KV resources in the Cloudflare network. Learn more about using Workers KV with Wrangler in the [Workers KV guide](/kv/get-started/).
:::

:::caution

> Since version 3.60.0, Wrangler supports the `kv ...` syntax. If you are using versions below 3.60.0, the command follows the `kv:...` syntax. Learn more about the deprecation of the `kv:...` syntax in the [Wrangler commands](/kv/reference/kv-commands/) for KV page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 3.60.0, Wrangler supports the `kv ...` syntax. If you are using versions below 3.60.0, the command follows the `kv:...` syntax. Learn more about the deprecation of the `kv:...` syntax in the [Wrangler commands](/kv/reference/kv-commands/#deprecations) for KV page.
```
Maybe we can use the new heading here, since the page is quite long?

✨ Success!
Add the following to your configuration file in your kv_namespaces array:
kv_namespaces = [
  { binding = "MY_KV", id = "e29b263ab50e42ce9b637fa8370175e8" }
]
```

The following is an example of using the `create` command to create a preview KV namespace called `MY_KV`.

```sh
npx wrangler kv namespace create "MY_KV" --preview
```

```sh output
🌀 Creating namespace with title "my-site-MY_KV_preview"
✨ Success!
Add the following to your configuration file in your kv_namespaces array:
kv_namespaces = [
  { binding = "MY_KV", preview_id = "15137f8edf6c09742227e99b08aaf273" }
]
```

### `list`

List all KV namespaces associated with the current account ID.

```txt
wrangler kv namespace list
```

The following is an example that passes the Wrangler command through the `jq` command:

```sh
npx wrangler kv namespace list | jq "."
```

```sh output
[
  {
    "id": "06779da6940b431db6e566b4846d64db",
    "title": "TEST_NAMESPACE"
  },
  {
    "id": "32ac1b3c2ed34ed3b397268817dea9ea",
    "title": "STATIC_CONTENT"
  }
]
```

### `delete`

Delete a given namespace.

```txt
wrangler kv namespace delete {--binding=<BINDING>|--namespace-id=<NAMESPACE_ID>} [OPTIONS]
```

:::caution

> This command requires `--binding` or `--namespace-id`.

Reviewer: Nit: Currently we write this warning in three different ways along the page:
* This command requires --binding or --namespace-id.
* This command requires a --binding or --namespace-id flag.
* Exactly one of --binding or --namespace-id is required.

```

```sh output
value
```

### `delete`

Remove a single key value pair from the given namespace.

```txt
wrangler kv key delete <KEY> {--binding=<BINDING>|--namespace-id=<NAMESPACE_ID>} [OPTIONS]
```

:::caution

Exactly one of `--binding` or `--namespace-id` is required.
:::

- `KEY` string required
  - The key value to get.
- `--binding` string
  - The binding name of the namespace, as stored in the `wrangler.toml` file, to delete.
- `--namespace-id` string
  - The ID of the namespace to delete.
- `--env` string optional
  - Perform on a specific environment.
- `--preview` boolean optional
  - Interact with a preview namespace instead of production.
- `--local` boolean optional
  - Interact with locally persisted data.
- `--persist-to` string optional
  - Specify directory for locally persisted data.

The following is an example that deletes the key-value pair with key `"my-key"` from the KV namespace with binding name `MY_KV`.

```sh
npx wrangler kv key delete --binding=MY_KV "my-key"
```

```sh output
Deleting the key "my-key" on namespace f7b02e7fc70443149ac906dd81ec1791.
```

## `kv bulk`

Manage multiple key-value pairs within a Workers KV namespace in batches.

> :::note

Reviewer: Nit (for later): This note + caution appears multiple times in the page. Could we use yet another partial for this?

- `--namespace-id` string
  - The ID of the namespace to delete.
- `--env` string optional
  - Perform on a specific environment.
- `--preview` boolean optional
  - Interact with a preview namespace instead of production.
- `--local` boolean optional
  - Interact with locally persisted data.
- `--persist-to` string optional
  - Specify directory for locally persisted data.

This command takes a JSON file as an argument with a list of key-value pairs to upload. An example of JSON input:

```json
[
	{
		"key": "test_key",
		"value": "test_value",
		"expiration_ttl": 3600
	}
]
```

KV namespace values can only store strings. In order to save complex a value, stringify it to JSON:

```json
[
	{
		"key": "test_key",
		"value": "{\"name\": \"test_value\"}",
		"expiration_ttl": 3600
	}
]
```

Refer to the full schema for key-value entries uploaded via the bulk API:

- `key` string required
  - The key’s name. The name may be 512 bytes maximum. All printable, non-whitespace characters are valid.
- `value` string required
  - The UTF-8 encoded string to be stored, up to 25 MB in length.
- `metadata` object optional

>   - Any arbitrary object (must serialize to JSON) to a maximum of 1024 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Any arbitrary object (must serialize to JSON) to a maximum of 1,024 bytes.
```
